Well I've got the glove fairly well set up here.
I think what I'd like to do now is to work on this toga I've brought in an image here just an image
I found on the Internet of just cloth wrinkles kind of hanging down from a circular structure here.
I don't exactly know what this is of but I think it could be helpful here just to get these kinds of
wrinkles.
Here's the image from my reference drawing then I'm just going to begin working on maybe this front
piece here.
Now I've got the character on Layer 1 right here and I've got the clothes and accessories here on Layer
2.
So I'll just work with layer 2 for now I think.
In addition I could also select this and isolated with shift H.
And so now we're just dealing with this piece alone that might be useful here at the beginning.
So I'll hit the period key on the numpad to frame that up so the center of my tumble here is at that
piece of geometry and let's test this out.
So once again if I add a subdivision surface modifier just to test how this is going to look I can see
that if I increase the view to two I get it it's kind of curvy here on the corners.
I'll also hit smooth over here on the Tools tab under shading tab into edit mode and press control are
to insert an edge loop here and I'll drag it down just a bit like that.
And I'll also do the same thing over here like this and drag it to the in there and maybe one over here
as well.
So that tightens up those corners just a little bit better.
In addition maybe I should do one up here at the top.
Like so.
So let's try this.
Let's go to the sculptor mode here.
And I'll go ahead and remove the subdivision surface modifier and let's go ahead and add multi resolution
modifier and I'll subdivide it several times.
Let's go let's go and go with 4 right up front and see what that does for us.
I want to make sure that the curve graph here is on the default one.
Yeah it looks good.
And let's just start testing this out.
So if I laid down a stroke here how does that look.
OK but I've got the mirror on I've got the X mirror on and I don't think I need that for this.
So I come down here to symmetry lock and I'll just turn this off I'll turn off the X mirror because
I don't want it to be exactly symmetrical for something like this.
All right so back up here I'll increase the strength of BET and let's give this a try.
So here is how it's going to look and that doesn't look too bad.
In addition I think I may come over here to the smooth stroke and let's test this out.
I want to be able to draw fairly straight lines here.
So I'll just start from the top just draw straight down.
I think I'll hold the control key down and drag along here.
So I get a cut in right next to that bulge out and then for the next two and I'll bulge it out a bit.
Try this at
or when you go
and now I will try and get an edge up right here along the side of it.
I like that.
I think I'll bring back everything else and go back to object mode here.
Increase the preview up to four and I'll press alt h to bring these back and maybe even bring back the
character here.
Let's do that just to get a sense of what we're doing here.
I think I need a little bit more information.
This doesn't give me what the Cluff looks like at the bottom here I think what I'll do.
I've got another reference image here.
Try this.
Let's take a look at this.
This one here.
Cloth one it's got more information about what happens at the bottom of the cloth here someone open
this one up as well.
Maybe zoom in on this stuff down here.
Yeah.
I just always need some sort of a reference to help me.
It's very difficult for me to do things right out of my head.
It looks to me like the wrinkles are the creases get deeper as the cloth comes down to the bottom.
So I need to keep that in mind I think as well.
So let's continue here.
I'm going to adjust the size of my brush here and maybe what I'll do is as I begin up at the top I'll
have a light stroke and then maybe kind of really hunkered down as I get closer to the bottom like this
like that.
And I'll try and do the same thing here.
I'll hold the control key and do a light stroke and then really push down as I get near the bottom.
Yeah I think that's looking a little bit better so it's that change in pressure on the tablet that I
think is going to help.
So I'll continue with this all begin up here.
Maybe I'll change the width start up here at the top.
Very lightly.
And then as I come down or really push down something like that and we go I think that's looking a little
bit better.
I like that.
And I'll work on crease here.
I'll do it very lightly up here and then really push it in as I get down here.
Yeah.
OK.
So that's helping I think and with the strength how I'm getting a stronger stroke as I push in harder.
I've got this turned on right here.
So enabling the tablet pressure sensitivity for strength.
I don't have it for radius and that's something that I could try.
So as it gets down to the bottom of the cloth maybe the width of the fold gets bigger as well we can
try that so I'll turn that on LIT's turn on smooth stroke and I'll begin up here very lightly and then
as I push down you can see the width of the stroke get bigger with the serve as the circle gets bigger
there.
So yeah that's kind of kind of nice.
Let's do that with cutting in as well so all we do this and what I'll do is I'll cut in holding the
control key right up here.
It Down and you can see as I push a little bit harder that circle gets a little bit bigger it down like
that we go.
So there we have our cloth tunic thing on the front to bring everything back.
I need to go back to object mode then press alt H and bring everything back.
All right.
So we have that.
It's not too bad.
Now let's go around to the back and do this one here so I'll select just this one shift h to isolate
and press the period key on the numpad to zoom in.
And let's work on this one.
Once again I need to tab into edit mode and add some edge loops will do that.
I'll add one here so that'll kind of help hold those edges.
I'll add a modifier a multi resolution modifier here.
And let's take the subdivision level up pretty high.
Once again I think it four was what I had it before.
And let's click on smooth shading to make sure we have that.
And there we go.
That looks pretty good.
So let's go through the same process here.
I'm going to go back to sculpt mode and with the pressure sensitivity turned on for both of these both
the radius and the strength I will come in here and start creating some more wrinkles.
All right.
So let me make the brush a little bigger and I'll begin right up here.
Gently lightly doing this and then are really hunkering down as I get to the bottom and I'll cut in
on the sides with that holding the control key down.
And I'll do the same thing over here.
Maybe a little bit bigger this time
and I'll just continue doing this and try and build these up build the wrinkles up for this piece of
cloth as well.
All right.
So we've got that let's go back to object mode here and bring everything back with old age.
And so we've got our back and our front here.
Let's now work on this piece here.
Let's go ahead and add a multi resolution modifier.
We can also smooth it over here under the Tools tab and let's increase it again maybe two subdivision
for here I'm going to press alt H and I want to select this and the front and the back.
And now it's hide everything else with shift date.
And now I can see what it is I need to do and what is I I don't need to do because I don't need to work
on what's under here so I'll just select this one.
And let's go to sculpt mode.
And we go and let's start creating the wrinkles here so I press the F key to change the radius.
I'll turn on pressure sensitivity.
Let's change the smooth stroke.
Let's increase the radius and increase the radius and see if that changes anything.
That'll extend to that line.
So we have a little bit more time to play before it begins sculpting there.
Let's try this is going to do some basic sculpting on the here to get it push out.
And then I'll go back in and do the cutting.
With the control key.
But for right now I'm just going to try this.
I'm just changing the brush size periodically changing how hard I push down.
Just to try and get these to look a little more like cloth.
Here we go.
OK.
That looks pretty good.
I'll continue over here on this other side same kind of thing.
Before I go in and cut it in with the control key I'll just get all the ridges that push out
and then we go.
All right.
That's looking pretty good.
Let's go back and cut in on a few of these to deepen the creases a little bit.
So I'll go down to a smaller brush here and press control and just begin cutting in some of the like
that.
All right.
So we've got our tunic pretty much done.
Let's go back to object mode and press alt H.
And there we go.
So we've got our cloth tunic looking pretty good there.
I think the next task will be to work on the belts and straps and maybe try and mirror some of this
seam work here on those belts and straps and stuff.
So we'll see if we can do that next time.